Punctuation is cool. (#8997)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/blog/new-patterns-for-media-apps/index.md

layout: post
title: New patterns for media apps
subhead:

>   Dive into a fantastic collection of new patterns for media apps. Grab the user's screen, add video PiP mode or audio effects, record from the mic, or customize media notifications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Dive into a fantastic collection of new patterns for media apps. Grab the user's screen, add video Picture-in-Picture mode, create audio effects, record from the mic, or customize media notifications.
```
